---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# RapidGPT User Agreement

This User Agreement ("Agreement") is a legally binding agreement between you (referred to as "User" or "you") and PrimisAI (referred to as "PrimisAI," "we," or "us") regarding your use of the RapidGPT software ("RapidGPT"). By signing up and using RapidGPT, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

## 1. Use of RapidGPT

### 1.1 RapidGPT Access

RapidGPT is provided as an extension for the Visual Studio Code (VS Code) platform. Users must sign up on the PrimisAI platform to access and use RapidGPT.

### 1.2 Subscription

RapidGPT follows a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) model. Users are required to subscribe to RapidGPT and pay the applicable subscription fees as determined by PrimisAI.

### 1.3 Free Accounts

Users are allowed to create only one free-tier account. PrimisAI reserves the right to monitor and enforce this policy. Abuse or violation of this policy may result in suspension or termination of your account. PrimisAI also reserves the right to cancel Free Accounts offering at any time.

### 1.4 License

RapidGPT is provided to User under a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license. User may only use RapidGPT for the purposes intended by PrimisAI and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

## 2. Intellectual Property Rights

### 2.1 Ownership

PrimisAI retains all rights, title, and interest in and to RapidGPT, including all intellectual property rights. User acknowledges that no ownership rights are transferred to User under this Agreement.

### 2.2 Restrictions

User shall not reproduce, modify, distribute, display, or create derivative works of RapidGPT without the prior written consent of PrimisAI.

## 3. Privacy and Data Protection

### 3.1 User Data

To use RapidGPT, User may be required to provide certain personal information to PrimisAI. User acknowledges and agrees that PrimisAI may collect, store, and process User's personal information in accordance with its Privacy Policy.

### 3.2 Data Security

PrimisAI takes commercially reasonable measures to protect User's personal information and data. However, User acknowledges that no system is completely secure, and PrimisAI cannot guarantee the security of User's data.

## 4. Limitation of Liability

### 4.1 Disclaimer of Warranty

RapidGPT is provided "as is" without any warranties or representations of any kind, whether express or implied. PrimisAI disclaims all warranties, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.

### 4.2 Limitation of Liability

In no event shall PrimisAI be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of or in connection with the use of RapidGPT, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, even if PrimisAI has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

### 4.3 Accuracy

RapidGPT utilizes AI algorithms to provide code suggestions and translations. While we strive to provide accurate and reliable results, PrimisAI cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the code generated by RapidGPT. You acknowledge that RapidGPT is an AI-based tool and limitations may exist. You are solely responsible for reviewing and validating the code generated by RapidGPT.

## 5. Termination

### 5.1 Termination

PrimisAI may terminate this Agreement or suspend User's access to RapidGPT at any time, with or without cause or notice.

### 5.2 Effect of Termination

Upon termination, User's right to use RapidGPT shall cease, and User shall immediately cease all use of RapidGPT and delete any copies in its possession.

## 6. Miscellaneous

### 6.1 Entire Agreement

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between User and PrimisAI regarding the use of RapidGPT, superseding any prior agreements or understandings.

### 6.2 Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which PrimisAI is located, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

### 6.3 Amendments

PrimisAI reserves the right to modify or amend this Agreement at any time. Any such modifications or amendments will be communicated through our platform or via email. Your continued use of RapidGPT after the effective date of any modifications indicates your acceptance of the modified Agreement.

### 6.4 Severability

If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.